Delete python dependency installation code (#2224)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> * Removed the deprecated option for opting into Python analysis to extract dependencies when environment variable was set (as highlighted we would do in the release notes for 3.23.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The deprecated feature for extracting dependencies for a Python analysis has been removed. For more information, see the release notes for CodeQL Action v3.23.0 and v2.23.0. As a result, the following inputs and environment variables are now ignored:

  - The `setup-python-dependencies` input to the `init` Action
  - The `CODEQL_ACTION_DISABLE_PYTHON_DEPENDENCY_INSTALLATION` environment variable
  
  We recommend removing any references to these from your workflows.
```
